### FanzPlay

## Overview
*Changing the way we play*

FanzPlay is a mobile application that allows fans to compete in live trivia matches during their favorite team’s sporting events. Whether you’re watching the game at home or in the stadium, you can compete against opposing teams' fans for the chance to win bragging rights and prizes from sponsors.

Fans can play the game by answering trivia questions, specific to every matchup, on their screens before the time runs out. Answering correctly can help your team beat the opposing team, and the leaderboard displays which team is winning. FanzPlay provides a fun and engaging experience for every type of fan!! 

Visit our project website [here!](https://tarheels.live/comp523teami/)

## Platform Components
This project was made using TypeScript as the main programming language, React Native for the frontend technology, Firebase for our backend technology, and Expo for our developement environent. Our final product combines the two apps created by the previous team for fans and admins. 

**To be added: We also need some explanation of the high-level module structure of the code. The information to be conveyed is this

what are the programming languages used in your code?
in relation to the architecture diagram, what parts are written in which languages?
What are the major modules in each component? This may well be satisified by the information generated by the repo. What are the relationships among the modules? You may find an annotated version of your architecture diagram a useful way to convey this information.**

You can find more information about the structure and design of our app in our [design document]()!

## Running the App
To run the app, run the command `npx expo start` in the terminal. 

## Testing
This app has unit testing for our database operations. To test our Firestore database functionality, we use a Firestore Emulator. This emulator allows us to test without worrying about modifying our live database. 
### Prerequisites (one time setup): 
1. Ensure you are an editor or owner for the FanzPlay (if you do not have access, request access by emailing brennamehl@gmail.com and sharing the Google account you would like to use).
2. Ensure your Node.js version is >=18.0.0 || >=20.0.0
3. Install Firebase CLI: `npm install -g firebase-tools`
4. Install all project dependencies (including testing modules): `npm install`
### Initialize the Emulator (one time setup):
1. In the terminal, login to Firebase: `firebase login`
2. Initialize Firebase: `firebase init`
3. Select  `firestore` and `emulators`
4. Select `use an existing project`
5. Choose `fanzplay-6229f`
6. Choose `Firestore Emulator`
7. Use default port
8. Select `download now`
### Launch Emulator and Run Tests:
1. In a terminal, login to Firebase: 
```firebase login```
2. Start emulators:
```firebase emulators:start``` 
3. Open a separate terminal and run the tests: `
```npm test```

## Linting
Before merging your branch, be sure to lint the code by running 
`npm run lint` and `npm run prettier:write` in the terminal. 




